adding a tip and trick on the github cherry-pick workflow (#1105)
COSIMA/MOM6-CICE6: documentation/docs/pages/Tips-and-tricks.md

For more complicated experiment generation operations take a look at the [experiment generator tool](https://access-experiment-generator.access-hive.org.au/). If you would like to only clone a repository, then this `gh` alias may be useful `'!gh repo clone access-nri/$1 -- --recursive && cd $1 && gh repo set-default access-nri/$1'`. This has the advantage that you do not have to remember the full url for the repository.

> ### Doing small updates on the configs and using the cherry-pick workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Making small configuration updates using ACCESS cherry-pick workflow
```

Imagine one wants to update a few parameters across multiple configs. One could create multiple PRs, update the checksums, review, merge. It's faster though to use the github cherry-pick workflow.

There are a number of advantages to this, when it works:

>  - You aren't manually making the same change to multiple branches;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - You don't need to manually apply the same change to multiple branches;
```

 - The cherry-picked PRs are opened by the access-bot so you can review and merge them yourself.

#### A GM example

> We've done a series of tests with the MEKE GM parameters, documented [here](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1/blob/main/notebooks/GM-Testing-in-ACCESS-OM3.ipynb). In short, the original `1.0-beta` release yielded quite high GM values in the Southern Ocean that gave poor upwelling behaviour and we wanted to change the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've done a series of tests with the MEKE GM parameters, documented [here](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1/blob/main/notebooks/GM-Testing-in-ACCESS-OM3.ipynb). In short, the original `1.0-beta` release yielded quite high GM values in the Southern Ocean, which led to poor upwelling behaviour. Based on these results, we decided to change the following parameters:
```

Author: Resolved: [7545e89](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/1105/commits/7545e894f597c8232a772c0ab9f456983ef00483)

> We've done a series of tests with the MEKE GM parameters, documented [here](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1/blob/main/notebooks/GM-Testing-in-ACCESS-OM3.ipynb). In short, the original `1.0-beta` release yielded quite high GM values in the Southern Ocean that gave poor upwelling behaviour and we wanted to change the following parameters:

Author: ```suggestion
We've done a series of tests with the MEKE GM parameters, documented [here](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1/blob/main/notebooks/GM-Testing-in-ACCESS-OM3.ipynb). In short, the original `1.0-beta` release yielded quite high GM values in the Southern Ocean, which led to poor upwelling behaviour. Based on these results, we decided to change the following parameters (from the `MC_25km_jra_iaf-1.0-beta-gm4-9fd08880` simulation):
```

```
MEKE_KHTH_FAC = 0.3
MEKE_KHTR_FAC = 0.3
MEKE_VISCOSITY_COEFF_KU = 0.6
```

Here is a [PR](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/1101) with the changes applied.

> Here are the steps to use the Git Hub cherry-pick workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the steps to use the ACCESS Github cherry-pick workflow
```

> 1. Open one PR to one config ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/1101)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a PR against one config ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/1101)).
```
